{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19620\viewh22960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Assignment: You will create a technical internal memo for a fictional company (come up with your own company name). \
\
Scenario: You are an executive of the company and employees are excessively using social media during work hours on their work computers. This is having a negative impact on productivity. The new policy is that employees are not allowed to access social media accounts while at work. Explain the problems associated with accessing social media during work hours (you have the liberty to use figures...be somewhat realistic).\
\
\'97\
\
To: All Employees\
From: Tyler Lewis, Executive People-Manager\
Date: March 4, 2024\
Subject: [UPDATE] Company-Wide Implementation of Social Media Usage Policy\
\
Dear Team,\
\
As part of our ongoing efforts to maximize productivity and efficiency within our company, it has become necessary to address the issue of excessive social media usage during work hours. A new policy regarding social media access while at work will be implemented.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx264\tx717\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Effective immediately, employees are prohibited from accessing personal social media accounts, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter (X), Instagram, LinkedIn, during designated work hours.
\f0\b0  \
This policy applies to all company-owned devices and networks.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In recent months, it has come to our attention that a significant portion of our workforce is spending excessive time on social media platforms during work hours. While occasional breaks are understandable and even encouraged for mental refreshment, the extent to which social media has been accessed during working hours is having a detrimental impact on overall productivity.\
\
\
\ul Problems Associated with Accessing Social Media During Work Hours:\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Decreased Productivity: Research indicates that excessive social media usage during work hours leads to a significant decrease in productivity. According to a study conducted by the American Psychological Association, employees who regularly engage with social media during work hours are 40% less productive than their peers who refrain from such activities.\
{\listtext	2.	}Distraction: Social media platforms are designed to be addictive and often lead to distractions. Constant notifications, updates, and the temptation to check feeds frequently disrupt employees' focus on their assigned tasks, resulting in subpar performance and missed deadlines.\
{\listtext	3.	}Security Risks: Accessing social media on work devices poses potential security risks to our company. Malicious links, phishing attempts, and malware disguised as innocuous content are prevalent on social media platforms. Even unintentional sharing of sensitive company information or engagement with malicious actors can compromise our data security.\
{\listtext	4.	}Impact on Workplace Morale: Excessive social media usage can also have a negative impact on workplace morale and camaraderie. When some employees are consistently distracted by social media, it can create resentment among their colleagues who are diligently focused on their work. This dynamic can erode teamwork and collaboration within the company.\
\pard\tx220\tx264\tx717\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
To address these concerns and ensure optimal productivity and security within our company, the new policy regarding social media usage during work hours will be enforced.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I understand that social media can serve as a valuable tool for networking and staying connected, but it is imperative that we prioritize our work responsibilities during designated work hours. I trust that each of you will adhere to this new policy and contribute to maintaining a productive and secure work environment.\
\
Thank you for your attention to this matter. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding the new policy, please do not hesitate to reach out to me or the HR department.\
\
Sincerely,\
Boss-Man\
\
}